Feature/storybook (#40)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/custom/carousel-image/docs/readme.md

# Carousel Image Block

> Block used to provide carousel image functionality to your project. This block is not designed to be used as a standa alone block, but rather to be used as a carousel block item inside parents inner block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block used to provide carousel image functionality to your project. This block is not designed to be used as a standalone block, but rather to be used as a carousel block item inside the parents' inner block.
```

## Dependencies

1. Component/Image

## Implementation
1. Copy/Paste block folder in your project
2. Copy/Paste component dependencies folder in your project
3. Rename `eightshift-boilerplate` namespace to your project
4. Add or remove features you are going to use.
5. Implement project specific styles.

## Note

> This block uses depenedencies from components folder. If you are going to use this block in your project be sure to copy/paste all dependencies as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This block uses dependencies from the components folder. If you are going to use this block in your project, be sure to copy/paste all dependencies as well.
```
